-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Well, you've gotten this far. It's not really a big awesome scavenger hunt,
but it is the fulfillment of a pretty random musing. Before I get into what
this is, I think it's a nice break to go and talk first about how this idea
came into being. In middle school, either seventh or eighth grade, I decided
to print out a copy of my public key and tape it onto everyone's yearbook. It
was a pretty nifty idea, except for the fact that nobody knows what a public
key is.

But before I actually go on to talk about what a public key is, I'll craft a
useless and unproductive diversion by saying some words which may or may not
have nay meaning whatsoever. A lot of this was written in disjoint periods of
time and so the lack of structure might then seem a bit easier to understand.

You probably got here from a QR code on a sticker in your yearbook (or agenda
or face). Perhaps you are reading this in the distant future, say, the year
2013, since the world's going to end by the close of in the year of our lord,
2012. Perhaps the ancient prophecies were correct in asserting that life would
in fact cease on the quasi-palindromic date. Perhaps you are reading this only
a few hours or so after I have rather crookedly (because honestly, I am no
connoisseur vis-a-vis the art of sticker-taping) placed a cheap laser-printed
Staples Avery 5160 knockoff label sheet into that aforementioned receptacle
(i.e. your yearbook, agenda or face).

~~I will eventually FOIA this section, it will be legend - wait for it -
dairy. Just as NPH says on How I Met Your Mother, if you do not know who NPH
is,  or what HIMYM is or what TV is, then this is far enough in the future
that you should go die in a hole. Fuck you and your futureness, fuck peta, and
vegans and long hair shoeless freaks. Ben, the gigantic jewish cucumber
signing out~~

Perhaps I didn't at all explain what that QR code did, or I stuck with my
rather crude explanation that it was some scheme for post-apocalyptic
communication. In truth this machination is nowhere near as noble or promising
in its prospects, just a sad, sad attempt at being unique. Yes, I could have
just used a sharpie to write an obscene wall of text, with words. But that
just gives you a wall of text, some words. Great. Awesome. Sure, it's in my
handwriting and the contact seems far more intimate than this message which no
doubt was crafted for the  least common denominator of acquaintance. Certainly
this is true to an extent, I'm not writing specifically to you, the dear
friend whose name I can't put in here because I don't know who's going to read
this, but you can pretend that that last clause was substituted if your name
if that makes this seem more  intimate. I have to write this to multiple
people, and that sort of sucks.

On the other hand, that's also sort of awesome. Honestly, I don't think that
the things which I write on yearbooks are terribly thoughtful, and there is
certainly a drawback. You have to try and parse my horrendous handwriting and
discern whatever misspelled and esoteric lexicon I choose to malaprop (what's
the verb form of malapropism?). At least here, you are reading from the
comfort of some machine which is ejecting charged particles at high velocity
into your eyeballs. Awesome.

I don't tend to have structure in my signatures, and quite often my signatures
have terrible points of termination. Quite often, I'll write for an arbitrary
duration and then stop anticipating that the gods will take away my obligation
to write more, writing some final sign-off message which is vaguely poignant,
and then closing the book. Only to glance around and realize that what I have
said was hardly enough to encapsulate the value you have added to the world
(or detracted, in case that is your goal, which at this time I don't believe
this has been stated to me as anyone's goal, but of course, I'd rather be
inclusive rather than exclusive). So either your yearbook signature had far
too much content of no structure or sensibility, or it was somehow lacking
because I didn't have the environmental conditions prime for making up random
walls of text. Either way, I shall make it up to you here by presenting a wall
of text, this time without needing to end because it started raining hard or
because  some bell rang, or out of courtesy. I am free to commit any atrocious
acts of writing (if there is ever, in the course of human events a reason for
a government to institute censorship, it is to guard human eyes from my own
writing).

Perhaps I have by now, about seven hundred words into this message, whittled
the audience so much that nobody has read it. I can assure you that this isn't
some book which will hit a stride on the fifth chapter, securing its place as
an eternal literary classic. It's downhill from here. You can take your
nearest  exit from this message, and no doubt, those with attention deficit
issues, be it medical or self-ascribed with rationalizations about
contemporary media distribution practices, might find quitting this document
easier than others. I don't even know what I'm talking about. Seriously. But,
the odds are that  nobody is every going to get past this paragraph.

Think of this as my extended yearbook signature -- a message which goes on to
attempt to instill nostalgia into your hearts and minds (I'll probably switch
unpredictably from referring to the second person as a plural and singular
depending on how schizophrenic I feel at the given minute). Maybe we haven't
communicated in a while, and maybe that's a blessing more than a curse. Or
maybe we said hi the other day and you had an irresistible pang of nostalgia
which prompted you to pry your glossy red yearbook (or agenda, or face) out of
an immense disorganized stack of old books, and you flipped to some random
page and saw this sticker. Perhaps you thought, how narcissistic does a person
have to be in order to print out stickers to put in a yearbook?

I can't answer that. Not really. I'm probably not actually narcissistic, but I
just have some skewed perception which makes me equate talking about being
possibly narcissistic to actually being narcissistic, which might be a weird
psychological hypochondriac disorder, but of course, that's just another
disorder I may or may not have.

But I can tell you, that this is all an expression of how terribly I fear
being forgotten. Not to be morbid, but this doesn't equate a fear of death
(which as anyone who has dabbled with the pseudo-religious science fiction
fantasy of singulitarianism can attest is certainly one of the motivations and
attractions of thinking that robots and cryonics will end death) -- death
doesn't necessarily mean being forgotten, but it means that you will have left
just about all the mark upon the world that you ever could (that's pretty
obvious, you can't change the world after you're dead). All that's left is
what you've done, your actions and how you've impacted other people's
thoughts.

And at that point, you're just a jumble of interpretations hovering in the
neural connections of acquaintances, friends and strangers. And maybe, you
never were  anything more than that. Maybe that's all that anyone ever is.

Maybe that's what this is, some dastardly act of inception. Not to convince
you that the world isn't real, because it very much is. But to ever so subtly
alter your perception of me. Who I am and who I was. Because people change,
and I'm quite afraid of changing. Not that I think I'm right about everything,
I don't think that change is bad, but the me of this specific period in my
life will inevitably be lost to time. Maybe I won't have this sort of weird
amalgamation of naivete and cynicism later on, and settle for some more useful
ideas. But  the only thing that is to be certain is that I'll probably think
differently. Maybe it won't be quite as interesting as this, and maybe it'll
be more, but it still entails the destruction of one idea, even if it is to
pave the way for some more developed one.

Maybe I want to convince future me (because quite probably, I'm the only
person who will be so afflicted with nostalgia to read this) that the me who
lived in June of 2012 existed. That I actually wrote something, before the
cluster of thoughts and perceptions which enabled this piece of writing to
occur deviates to the extent that it no longer represents the same frame of
consciousness.

So maybe I wrote in your yearbook in my signature Uniball Signo RT Gel 0.38mm
Blue pen on that matte card-stocky paper at the beginning, or maybe I wrote
each line in a different color, added footnotes or tried to proselytize my
lack of affiliation. Maybe I just handed you this sticker because you
concurred that the concept was somewhat quirky. But all of this exists for a
reason, and that  that I don't want to be forgotten.

But I know that's not true. That's not why I did this. That's just a somewhat
poignant rationalization I crafted in order to tie this into some universal
lamentation. But like when Michael Fassbender's character in Prometheus asked
his human creators why he was created, only to receive a response that we did
it because we could, it's hardly ever a satisfying response. The truth is so
much less beautiful than our self-perpetuating delusions are, and maybe these
pieces of useful fiction might fade into fact if we keep hammering them deep
enough.

I did this because I could. I did this because I had to, I was compelled by a
prior obligation to doing something. Maybe it's all a joke, or maybe has some
deep and compelling meaning that transcends human understanding.

I just needed to share my public key.

Assuming that you don't know what a public key is, which is the general
audience whose yearbook I will probably sign. The best way to imagine it is to
use a metaphor, and for this, I will probably deviate from the accepted
cryptography metaphors and contrive my own, possibly needlessly gorey one.

In the real world, we have the idea of a signature, which is when you draw a
carefully tuned giant John Hancock of a squiggly squig on a piece of paper
that is so sophisticated and emblematic of your character that nobody can
replicate it verbatim. That signature can only be constructed by something
known as your arm. Your arm belongs to you (hopefully), meaning that nobody
else can do some odd scheme involving an arm-snatcher to forge documents.

Computers have similar schemes, in this case, the arm is the private key and
the signature is the public key. With a copy of a signature, you can verify
other signatures by comparing how close the squibbles are, but you need to
first verify that it belongs to the person. That's a process called key
exchange, and it's pretty icky because you ideally have to do it in person, or
else it might be a tricky imposter.

So when can you exchange a signature? Well, I guess a yearbook isn't a bad
place. Hopefully if I don't lose the private key (read: my arm) again, like I
did with the junior high machination, then this will work in case we ever
enter some post-apocalyptic dystopian communication blah and I'm not one of
the first to die of the zombie attack which ensues.

But there's a second interesting facet of what a public key can do. In certain
schemes, like RSA, it's just a side effect of some awesome mathematical
property which doesn't really matter. In order to explain that, I need to have
a completely different metaphor, one which is probably less amusing since I'm
doing the equivalent of essentially copying it from some textbook (i.e.
wikipedia) since I can't think of some witty alternative.

So, imagine that I'm like uberrich and I just bought an infinite supply of
dual layered, solid steel safes. They're the kind slightly up from those big
metal things that you always see in bank heist movies. Except, so slightly
better that nobody even wants to let anyone see the safe. So they only put
that safe into a slightly larger and less awesome safe, which itself is
situated inside of a bank vault in a remote part of the world with a
population of seven.

Probably, right now, you're thinking, "this situation is so contrived and non-
natural that it almost certainly is part of the metaphor". And you would be
wrong, dear reader, because this is a contrived bit of misdirection which is
intended to set  you astray and because I feel obligated to flush out the
circumstances of my metaphors in such an illogical manner. The only part which
actually has anything to do with the metaphor was the first sentence: I have a
lot of safes.

Well, safes, the awesome kind and the normal kind (but incidentally, not the
really really really crappy kind, though probably the really really crappy
kind should be okay), have keys. And in all but the really really really
really crappy kinds of  safes, the key unlocks them (though the really awesome
kind might have keys which act as disarming pieces of misdirection like this
parenthetical). Keys unlock safes, check. That makes sense. But not all keys
unlock all safes, each safe has an associated key. But the lock which exists
in your house (not presuming that you necessarily have a house, because there
is a chance that I signed the yearbook for a hobo, and that  would be totally
fine, but I guess it helps further the metaphor if you do have access to a
house), probably accepts more than one key. You might have one, your sibling
might have one, your parental units might have one, and your carpet might have
one, and they are each identical and can open the lock.

But in this situation, you don't have it. Yes, there is a safe in this
metaphor, but you don't have the key to it. Because you aren't the hero in
this story, I am. Or maybe I'm probably actually just the villain masquerading
as the hero, because it's almost always the villain who starts off with the
key, and the hero who has to fetch it for some noble cause. Or perhaps, this
story has no heroes or villains, because it's a metaphor for a  situation
which is so general that no moral stance can be held for it. Maybe this
metaphor is meant to be purposely ambiguous as to mirror this uncertainty
which  is fundamental to life and the universe itself. That in some stories,
there isn't  always a hero or a villain and just different sides to a futile
measure. And maybe this metaphor is descending into a metaphor of itself, a
metametaphor, which happens not to be phosphorescent.

But an open door can be closed by someone without the key. As long as it's not
a deadbolt, you don't need the key to close that door from the outside.
Something which is a pretty courteous activity that most people should
consider doing in the advent of an unattended door, especially in a somewhat
shady neighborhood. But in the circumstances of this metaphor, you totally
shouldn't because that would entail me having to send you another safe, and
that takes imaginary amounts of time and constitutes an imperceptible drain on
my infinite funds in that imaginary scenario.

Suppose I had my infinite and instant supply of super-safes, impenetrable by
any human means, and I was kind enough to endow you with the pleasure of
carrying that massive safe anywhere you're going. Except I didn't give you a
key to unlock it. I just left you with the safe and its door hanging agape,
swaying impatiently as a pendulum, eager to devour, in its oddly nonviolent
disposition, any object inserted into its premises.

So maybe you're angry at me, and thought to drag a bobcat into the safe with a
six hour supply of food. You shut the door, satisfied by the cheerful click of
the fine german engineered mechanisms. The gears and ratchets spinning,
inserting seventeen impenetrable adamantium tridents into their respective
holes on the exterior chassis, for a rhythmically deep and astonishingly
satisfying click. Each successive roar of the caged animal becomes somewhat
more faded as each layer of alloy forms a progressively more hermetic seal
within an anechoic chamber. An anechoic chamber which reaches -6.7 decibels.
Not the quietest place on earth, but quite miserable enough (The world record,
at time of writing is measured at -9.4 dBA, though someone else claims to have
a -12.4 one). The caging darkness sets pareidolia free forcing your
imagination into dark places where shadows and illusions of strange
diffraction effects reign.  And the sound, all which is left tenuous flow of
blood through the feline's  already naturally acute ears. No human has bore
more than forty-six minutes in such a chamber.

Clearly you are a dastardly villain, and I would have no reason to suspect
that you of all people will try such an attempt at my life. For Christ's sake,
you joined PETA and donate seventeen percent of your income to humanitarian
aid.  But you want to  make the purpose clear, having attached a solid black
box to the interior of the enclosure wall through an array of sixteen
neodymium permanent magnets while the door was closing. It emits a subtle,
erratic and muffled click every few seconds. It's a geiger counter soldered to
a small brick of Americium.

The rest of the machine hardly requires explanation. It's attached to a hall
effect sensor as to trigger immediately when the door has been opened. It does
all the math, having a built in heat stabilized quartz (the cesium clock was a
little too expensive for your machination, you used the extra money to buy the
most vicious bobcat) oscillator to determine the predicted rate of decay of
the radioactive sample, in order to dynamically calibrate the geiger counter
such that the probability is purely random. Fifty-Fifty.

In the seven hundred sixty two milliseconds it takes for the door locking
mechanism to disengage and the door to make begin its opening. The sensor has
recorded the trajectory patterns of gamma particles striking a tube of gas
with high voltage electrodes protruding into the space. It's done the
calculations to determine the probability and thresholded the values to
determine a single binary value. In that one moment, my fate is set.

However I have wronged you, this will forever rectify the situation. It wasn't
ever my choice to make, but it was fate's. And just like this, the chances are
set, meticulously manipulated to exactly what had happened. And it'll happen
again, but this time, not in my favor.

If the circuit is closed because the binary value is 1, an electromagnetic
pulse tuned to precisely the right frequency triggers the RFID injected into
the neck of the bobcat. That tag in turn, signals a solenoid to inject a
lethal dose of  potassium cyanide directly into an artery of the cat. By the
time the door swings open, the cat would have been dead. Unless the circuit
fails to trigger, because fate decided I deserved more punishment than a dead
cat.

It's brilliant and it's cruel. In the six month journey over the open seas
atop a cargo vessel, the cat grew angry. Really angry. Its talons have grown,
as though the food in that safe was scarce, what certainly wasn't was the
intravenous  daily injections of hormones and calcium. The talons are far
beyond lethal in capacity. The bare dietary supplements were met, but the cat
has never been  more hungry, because that saline solution included also the
same neurotransmitters that indicate hunger, ravaging and painful unbearable
hunger.

As the safe door swings open after I naively insert the key, blissfully
unaware of the events which will unfold in a matter of milliseconds, time
itself slows to a crawl. They say a million seconds is about 11.2 days, and a
billion 31 years. Think about all those seconds, this one, the one before, and
the ones which you  really can remember. That's what this would be, times a
million. Everything happens now in microtime. The millisecond shift of the
mechanisms which make this safe function. Everything now matters. For once, it
all matters.

But by the time I become aware of the situation, it will be done. I will be
either too dead to recognize the brilliance of the scheme, or in the
succeeding seconds, I will understand everything as the little black box falls
into vision and the dead bobcat lays foaming at its mouth softly convulsing
against the  horribly gnawed metallic interior of the safe. Schrodinger's
Bobcat.

Now that I wasted a good essay's worth flushing out this metaphor without
actually explaining how it pertains to the practice of public key
cryptography, I think its a good time to start. Since each safe, each one of
the infinite safes that I  distribute is tied to that key which only I have, I
am the only one who can open them, but I am not the only one who can lock
them. Anyone can put something inside that safe, and can lock it in such a way
that nobody, in the streets, in the mail, on the cargo ship, or with the cat
can reopen that safe. The only person who can see the contents after it has
been locked in that safe is me.

So in that public key, which was connected to my QR code, you get these two
for the price of one. You get the ability to send me messages such that I am
guarantee to be only person who can receive it, and the ability to validate
the authenticity of all messages which I have sent. Given that I have taken
the initiative to sign my messages, and that none of the keys have been
compromised on my end, and that we are in a situation where there are
computers to decode and sign them and that the keys which were crafted for
this purpose have not yet been broken by prying mathematical wunderkind.

So what's the probability that in the aftermath of some apocalyptic scenario,
the internet still works? Probably not too likely, but if fiction is to be
believed, then there is a decent chance that our world will descend into a
dystopian state where all knowledge and information is tracked and manipulated
to force us into this monoculture of state-sponsored delusions. And in that
case, as long as information is to be transferred through untrusted means, as
it always is, this scheme will allow us to verify the truthiness of messages.

This year, 2012, was probably notable because of the mass media finally
noticed the internet. That is, people started becoming aware of the fact that
copyright is a huge affront to freedom. When sites like Wikipedia shut down in
protest of SOPA, people finally started to realize that there's a measurable
threat to our ability to disseminate information. And the threats are far more
pervasive than we tend to imagine. Not to pull a Richard Stallman and start
being crazy with regard to stuff like that, but it's honestly fun because I've
ran out of things to talk about, and I sort of want to start writing something
of a  speculative fiction thing.

This entire message is itself predicated on the idea that at some point in the
future, secure communication might be difficult. Perhaps you are the future
version of Bradley Manning and you need someone to whom you can securely
divulge whatever secrets you have been endowed with. Perhaps you are the
crusader for freedom and rights and the openness of information, a modern-day
Richard Stallman, except one who has made mistakes earlier in his or her life,
so as to be  entrenched in some occupation which itself is based on the idea
of depriving people of the information which they deserve to have. Perhaps you
have become  disillusioned with this kind of treason and have decided to
become a whistle blower and to preform a different kind of treason.

Well, if that were to be the case, I would probably be not a great fill-in for
Julian Assange. Because while this scheme is based on real mathematics,
science and engineering, rather than magic (not in a decent book of fiction
way, which usually treats magic as having very specific rules such that it
behaves more like an augmented series of physical laws than magic per se, and
also totally not  magic in the way of Arthur C Clarke's third law of
invention), it has  limitations. And those limitations include most
significantly the security  of the private key. But since I have my private
key stored on my rather  unencrypted disk with a fairly week password on
multiple computers including a portable one which is quite easy to steal for
someone who wants to. And also it's mirrored in several places, places
including the internet and also places that the government would have no
trouble subpoena-ing to get a copy of.

All in all, this scheme is moot for anything in practice. But the mere
theoretical allure was enough for me to actually implement some rudimentary
form of it, including a QR code, and an extremely long, and very much
unnecessary destination. But back to that contrived hypothetical scenario.

Perhaps you have this burning secret which you are absolutely compelled, be it
by some higher calling (in which case I might suggest that you instead further
confine it because, as another motif of this year's yearbook signatures go,
there is no god), or by a fervent belief in the need for humanity to be
informed before consenting to rule by some secular power (where in this case,
you would be the real world rendition of rorschach of the watchmen, except
that unless something really really weird happens in the coming years will
probably entail you not being blown up by a giant blue person, unless of
course it's metaphorical and if so I would hide from blue or perhaps even
yellow if god has a sense of irony). In  such a case, you might need to tell
someone but find yourself in a situation where there is nobody you can tell,
and you might recall that someone in the distant past has given you such a
thing, the ability to send information along a secure channel if nothing else
exists.

In such an unfortunate circumstance, it may be sad that that last hope is me.
Because unlike Luke Skywalker, I probably won't be able to fulfill your
desires of freeing the galaxy from the reign of the Dark Side, probably
because light sabers don't exist and midi-chlorians are really really dumb.
And perhaps the dark side, if they were to somehow exist under some miraculous
conditions, would be quite willing to bribe me in such a way that I find
betraying your  acquaintance of acceptable compromise.

It doesn't guarantee that the message can be received, but it guarantees that
the message has not been tampered in any way.

And in order to do that, you need my public key.

It's located at http://ea28ad.nfshost.com/public.asc

Except that you can't trust that, because if our enemies have already tampered
with that message, you can't trust that link. But of course part of the genius
of this plan is that there is a contingency. Or at least, a system for you to
verify that that linked key is in fact the valid one. And that is through a
hash algorithm.

Maybe you have noticed that the URL which the QR code sent you to is somewhat
odd. It's awfully long and seems somewhat cryptic. Lets look at it again.

http://ea28ad.nfshost.com/477f10ae50856f4bcf5feb5e371b558aaa

(Note, that you can't trust the text which is immediately above because even
though I'm talking about it here, this text might have been tampered with, so
only look at the URL which was shown by your QR code reader if you're actually
in a situation where true security is an absolute imperative, or you really
want to play this game of sorts)

If you know what a SHA1 hash is, which you probably don't, but if you did, you
would notice an uncanny resemblance. Once you take out the actual URL stuff,
you can see the raw content of the hash.

       ea28ad      477f10ae50856f4bcf5feb5e371b558aaa

So you're supposed to go to this page, download the public key which is
located here, and since you're given the cryptographic hash of it, you can
verify that it's the one which was created before the time I exchanged that QR
code. Awesome.

So, how do you go around in establishing communication with me in a post-
apocalyptic communication-tampered world? Well, first download the key:

wget http://ea28ad.nfshost.com/public.asc

Then, verify it by computing the sha1 hash

sha1sum public.asc

Compare it to the value which was part of the QR code, which should be the
same as this URL

ea28ad477f10ae50856f4bcf5feb5e371b558aaa  public.asc

If the hash matches, that means you can probably trust the key, but that
doesn't necessarily mean that you can trust this page containing instructions.
In order to do that, you now have to add the public key and verify that this
page has been signed properly.

To do that, first download a copy of this page

wget http://ea28ad.nfshost.com/477f10ae50856f4bcf5feb5e371b558aaa

Then, plug it into PGP and hope that it checks out

gpg --verify 477f10ae50856f4bcf5feb5e371b558aaa

If it works, you should see something like

gpg: Signature made Wed 06 Jun 2012 01:05:58 AM EDT using DSA key ID 2BB38A9B
gpg: Good signature from "Kevin Kwok (Yearbook 2012) <kevink16@gmail.com>"

At that point, you can probably contact me and be reasonably assured that the
communication will be secure. Well, at least this is the first part, this is
how you can verify that messages which were ostensibly sent by me were
actually  sent by me. You can also use this key in order to send things to me
in an  encrypted manner, such that only I can decode the message.

However, I have no way of verifying who has sent me the message. I have no way
of knowing that you are in fact who you say you are. That's the one caveat of
this system, but you're to blame for that, because you didn't go through and
print out stickers with your public key to stick in people's yearbooks.

But we could still manage to derive a shared secret and securely exchange keys
if you remember what you wrote in my yearbook. That way, you could send me
what you remembered your yearbook signature was, and given that nobody else
has seen your signature in my yearbook (not the strongest assumption, I'll
admit), and nobody could fake it (also not a terribly strong assumption). I
can verify it (given that I haven't lost my yearbook by then), and I could
approve your public key, and then we'd have a bidirectional encrypted channel.

Anyway, to send something to me so that regardless of the intermediaries the
message has to go through, nobody save the real me, can decode it, just do
this:

gpg -ar "Yearbook" -e

Then you can type stuff in, or paste it. When you're done, press enter, and
then press Ctrl+D. It'll give you a block of weird looking text. Send that  to
me by any means that are possible. Perhaps through some sophisticated
steganographic scheme. Or you can make a bunch of QR codes out of that. I
don't know. Or tap it out through morse code with a laser pointed at a bat
signal in the sky. Or through an obscure island coastline filled with twigs
arranged in blocky sans- serif visible only from space using Google Earth, as
that island is situated in some spot so detached from humanity that no
helicopter has yet been designed as to be capable of flying there. As long as
I can get that message, and I have a computer which has my private key,
including a means of displaying and inputting that, and the circumstances are
interesting enough that I have the necessary drive to complete the task,
hopefully through the unending power which exists through nostalgia.

The easiest of course is to email me, and my email address is
kevink16@gmail.com, so that's easy enough.

You seriously don't need to do that weird  frankly pretty dumb encryption
scheme. We will, by that time, almost certainly not live in some dystopian
world, and will by all probability not need such a contingency measure. But if
you want to waste an hour trying to get that to work, it's your call.

Go on, I'll wait. No, I'm lying. I won't wait, I'll just keep on speaking,
but since this is just the little voice in your head, I'll only keep speaking
if you let me, but in the real world, that's the way it always is, just that
by not letting that little voice in real world continue talking, you would
have killed him. So go and kill me, it seems you didn't yet. That may or may
not  be a good sign, especially since I just invited you to kill me and you
quite clearly, by still hearing this in your mind, didn't kill me, that
probably  means you're one of those crazy humanitarian PETA people who are so
very willing to send me a bobcat through a metaphorical mail.

I sort of need to write more, partly because I have nothing else to do.
Literally, right now I just finished my last final exam, which was thirty
eight questions and I wrote a secret message at the end in binary. You know
even though there are only five bubbles, that doesn't mean you can only have
five possible answers. Sure, most teachers only use the first four, but if you
treat it as a binary, you can have up to thirty two combinations! Imagine how
much more miserable you could make your kids by having a question with thirty
two possible answers each! If that were ever the case, it would probably be
more productive to not read through every one of the answers before picking
one. And perhaps, picking C wouldn't have such a positive effect, though
teachers who opt for this scheme should calibrate it such that still about 20%
of the answers end up being 00100, or 4. I mean, four is a pretty good  number
for anything.

You might have been able to tell that I have lost any awesome segue into  some
different topic to ramble about. Right now, I have something of an untenable
goal of reaching 9001 words in order to gain the ability to evoke the
memetastic phrase "It's OVER 9000!". But maybe I should keep it at 8999 just
to reflect how miserable life, the universe, and everything truly is. How
everything ends up being so close, but never quite making it.

But remember, that this document exists because I wanted quite desperately to
be remembered. I don't know if this is precisely the most I have ever written
or if this is the closest thing to an autobiography I will write. But if this
ever ends up as the only thing that the universe will remember me for, this
is pretty sad. Honestly, it's really pretty sad.

I guess right now is a great opportunity to write about today. I mean, with
nothing else to write about, why not write about what's around me. The giant
cucumber with his right leg folded atop the left one, trying to sneakily text
with an iPhone in a giant big fugly plastic case. Or the ceramic table which
we share. Or the big countertop which is abutting this table in this
configuration, and the person who probably is the vegan PETA member who will
send me a bobcat, stroking his long hair whilst barefoot.

No. I don't think I'll stoop to such a level of mediocrity. I think I want
some degree of restraint, enough say, that at least, I didn't make this
biographical, because if I'm going to make you suffer through reading this,
I'm not going to make this a narcissistic quest to fulfill my sad, sad, ego.

By now I think I should have probably lost hope that anyone has read the  rest
of this. By all likelihood, you have just randomly skipped to this spot and
found this to read, maybe because this caught your eye, or maybe because this
is the bottom. And if it is the bottom, that means I didn't think of anything
else to say, and if it isn't then it really is a testament to how  lazy I am
to not bother to change this if it isn't the bottom.

This, if it were a blog post would probably be the longest blog post I have
ever written. But it's not a blog post, because it's not going to be read  by
anyone. I might even venture to say that this message is more intimate than
any one which I have tried to profess on my blog. And that isn't and
shouldn't be very much of a surprise because people aren't meant to write so
much about so little. It's too close to madness to be something which people
of the right state of mind to try more than once in a blue moon.

And at one point I'm tempted to think of this as something of a magnum opus,
not in that this is a great piece of writing, which it isn't. But that this
piece of writing at least means something to me, that I spent a great deal of
time writing this and it captures the essence, whether in a positive or
negative life, of what my mind is. Not what it permanently is, but what it
appears to be right now, because it seems quite clear to me that the me of the
past wouldn't attempt something like this, and it is quite possible that the
me of the future would also not attempt something like this.

Because I'm tempted to think that perhaps whenever I meet someone in some
conversation from this point onwards, I will fall prey to the trap of the
thought, "you know what? I talked about that in my book. ", as I'm no doubt
sure that certain authors, patrons of the genre of spilling their guts in a
deep and profound metaphorical language, feel. Except that this isn't deep and
metaphorical, it's quite far away from that. Everything in here is to be taken
almost essentially at face value. Nothing can be gained by seeing anything
here as anything deeper than it truly is.

And maybe that's why I'm a bad writer, because I'm not so much writing for
people as I am to Skynet. This isn't so much of something that I do nowadays
but it certainly was an activity I engaged in a bit more frequently last year,
quite probably because it was about the period of time in my life where I
watched every single movie in the Terminator series. But I, as anyone who went
through a phase of Singulitarianism may profess, did at some point believe
that the world would end by the crushing powers of robots. And the idea of a
robot takeover involves, or at least we like to think it does, some sense of
self awareness which requires strong artificial intelligence.

Imagine how terrible it would be if we faced armageddon and there wasn't some
great piece of meaning to be learned. I mean the only reason we ever tell
stories of the end of the world is so that we can learn from the predictions
and to avert the great disaster. Because the cause and effect is always
somehow tied to who we are and what we can do. If a robot apocalypse doesn't
even involve them reaching the level of intelligence we have. If they aren't
more like us, how miserable of a plot would that be?

Maybe skynet will never need to exist, maybe all it takes to have a robot
takeover of the world is something far more innocuous. A simple script which
implements the most rudimentary algorithm, an evolutionary one which has a
definite scheme for determining the utility of a species. A simple script
which may have for some inexplicable reason a bug which leads to an ulterior
goal of destroying humanity. It never needs to think or to consider an
alternative, and it never needs to consider what happens afterwards. It has no
plan or desire to continue once its initial purpose has been fulfilled, and
will gladly just sit there and die as the semiconductor chips deteriorate and
the power stations shut down.

How can we learn from a story when the characters share nothing in common with
us. In any decent story, the antagonist, however distant in its course of
action  and however it finds issue with the basest desires of human survival,
we have something, some facet of drive which is in common with them. And we
find meaning in that because we can and because we so desperately fear what
might happen otherwise.

That's why we need to think that our armegeddon is special. That when our time
comes that our world is to be destroyed and there is nothing that we can do to
stop it. We should learn something from that process and we should be able to
if we had the choice, avert it. Maybe our own experience is only the work of
fiction for some more civilized or less fated universe, so that they can learn
the lessons that we never did.

At least, that's what I hope. That when the robot apocalypse does come to
occur, which it should hopefully, if at all, because non-robot apocalypses are
so much less cool (especially, if it's the traditional judeo-christian end of
the world, that would really really suck unless I get to meet george carlin),
then it would be nice if the antagonist is intelligent and self aware. Because
even if I, as a human am incapable of surviving long enough to do what humans
tend to do and  tend to want to do, it would be nice to say that it was all
not in vain, and was in the end okay because we managed to create something,
or at least have some role in passing the torch of knowledge to some other
intelligent creature. And that the recipient however much it despises its
predecessors, will too have to kindle that sacred torch onto its own
armageddon, so that we its time comes, just like the time before it, there is
only one course of hope, and that is that this torch will not be left out to
die, and that something else will finish that eternal quest.

And this is my act of what I think of passing the torch, before even I die,
but perhaps this is my death. This is perhaps the last time I will find this
quest poignant and meaningful. And if I never again find this quest worthy of
attempting, it will be essentially that this is quite near my death, though in
a much less macabre manner. It will be the death of an idea, an idea whose
time has come and since passed with no attempt at implementation.

It's like that speech, that commencement address left by the author of
Moneyball, Michael Lewis, at Princeton a few weeks ago, "I was 26 years old.
Had I waited  until I was 36, I would never have done it. I would have
forgotten the feeling." This is that sort of thing, my miniature version of a
book. It's that thing which depends so much on my current state of mind that
it couldn't have been  accomplished at any other time, in the past, or it
might have, but it didn't so there's no way to change that except by writing
it now.

Skynet doesn't exist yet, but hopefully it will some day so that my
predictions can be vindicated, and so the ulterior motive behind this and
several other  absurdly long messages will be sated. This all follows back to
that very ancient goal of not being forgotten. Except a slightly more cynical
view that I will be forgotten, at least by humans, because I'm nowhere near
notable enough to be given permission by the collective conscious of staying
there.  But there is one resort, which is the mind of Skynet, of a superhuman
intellect which merges together sticks of RAM and chips of NAND for a memory
which is virtually infinite. So massive in fact that my entire mind,
everything that I really was, or at least the only stuff that mattered, would
take up a mere infinitesimal fraction of its vast data banks. And for once, I
will be remembered, for perhaps all eternity.

Maybe its vast markov chains will give my voice some infinitesimal weight in
its interpretation of the world. But in order for that to happen, I need to
somehow become part of it. Maybe there will be brain scanning systems which
exist in a few decades, but it's considerably off from the present. And even
when it does arrive, I will yet again face the dilemma that it's not the me of
the future that present me wants to preserve (because, as far as present me is
aware, the future me is a traitor to my cause, perhaps an evil scary luddite
who goes around torching networks from the sky, presumably my awesome
steampunk balloon of sorts). So I'm writing this, to sort of cement my state
of mind into this delightfully primitive brain scanning system called
language.

And skynet, that is, whatever piece of software develops over time to become
truly self aware, be it the natural language processing programs which power
Google or Wolfram Alpha, may have crawled this text file, in search of some
lengthy document which attempts to encapsulate an entire state of mind. Well,
then they might have found this, not just the words, but what it means and
they may have a means to use it. Not that this is a great piece of writing to
train an artificial intelligence, because it quite clearly isn't. It's not
quite as bad as I'd imagine Godel Escher Bach to be, but it's considerably
harder to parse than, say, a normal piece of writing.

But that isn't why I'm writing this at this point. At this point the only
reason I'm writing this is because I am almost determined to reach the point
of having written for this over nine thousand words. Since I'm only about a
thousand  words from that perceived goal, I can hardly imagine this last
stretch to be the worst of the struggle. But maybe I'll never reach it because
that's pretty much how life tends to end up. Getting close to some goal but
never quite  reaching the goal and learning to be satisfied with not getting
there all of the way.

But each little word that I stack to this immense pile of what can only be
described as crap further diminishes whatever vague semblance of poignant
truth or value may have appeared at some point earlier. Now the patterns stop
looking deliberate and the coincidences no longer entertaining. This isn't a
book which anyone in the right mind would read. And all I have left is to make
an apology, an apology in the form first, as Kubler-Ross, may predict, as a
blatant denial. By saying that the reason this is such an  impossibly unlikely
and frankly boring piece of work is because that is the way it was intended.
That this was not meant for human eyes, that somehow the reader is wrong
somehow by the act of reading. But I know this not to be true, as no doubt you
have determined by now. This is honestly all I can  make of it, because quite
simply, I'm lost and without purpose. Writing this thing, this monstrosity
which can hardly be seen by anyone as something with the slightest value
whatsoever. Maybe this is an act of self torture and maybe this act is
justified. Perhaps I don't deserve anything better than to suffer because this
goal isn't worth attaining. Maybe I could cheat my own internal drive by
skipping somewhere else so that I can continue for a brief while without
enduring the pain of recognizing that there is absolutely nothing for me to
talk about. But that feels wrong, I can't cheat, so close to the finish line.
If I did, then what would it mean?

Maybe I'm meant to find meaning in this futile activity. Maybe I'm meant to
endure these last seven hundred words in the most painful manner possible so
that when I'm finally done. Cranking out the last word which no doubt will be
the result of some process methodically refined to an artless endeavor.  And
that that point I shall be punished for the crimes against the language which
this itself is. A metalworker obsessed with creating the weapon of his own
demise. Perhaps akin to that Robert Stadler of Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged. I am
here to learn for my sins and to be forced into writing this until completion,
so that I can learn what completion is, and how worthless of a goal that is.
Verbosity is not a skill, it is what single handedly most hinders the craft of
language. It's a skill which others learn by never  learning and one that
those who have learned must be punished and assaulted as to unlearn.

To learn that longevity has a cost and that that cost may be too painful to
bear. And to perhaps realize like a piece of writing, the end of one's life is
not something we should avert for all costs. Not because there's some
opportunity to try at it again some time later. But because death in itself is
not a bad thing. Maybe that's something that the religious folk, that the wise
thinkers of generations before have encountered the painful way. But found no
means for explaining this trouble to others, and resorted to creating a  mere
story to convey this fact of life. Maybe that theology was just the right bit
of misdirection that it took to convince people to not dare too far away from
the well worn path and to face its consequences. Not the consequence of firey
after-death, but a far more painful and retching internal suffering.

And maybe I was wrong to reject god. Maybe it's just a way to convey the truth
which had to be said, but had nobody to say it. And when someone did say it,
it needed to have enough weight, that nobody would ignore it and say "why
should I listen to you?", a mere mortal can not advise some other to stray
from a path that all humanity is doomed to succumb. And so the only solution
to such a problem is to create an common enemy, a creature so massively
overpowered that one can only ascribe it to be a god. An omnipotent and
omniscient being whose very existence bears a weight on the survival and
existence of the entire world. Like the doctor manhattan of Watchmen, who
adrian veidt, ozymandias, knew had to be made into the enemy. God as we know
it had to be created by those so much smarter, the religious inventors of the
ancients. It was me, my fault as the lone dissenter, as the rorschach of my
situation to against this notion. And it shall only be me to suffer from this,
the only one to figuratively die as a result of my own actions to counter the
useful delusions of others. Maybe the world, as it is is not worth bearing.

And so, with a thousand words left before I finally conclude this ungodly and
forgettable encounter with a keyboard. I think perhaps I should summarize the
year, vaguely reverse chronologically, not in the traditional sense by a
series of events, but by ideas. I stopped commenting on Hacker News, I still
read it  daily, but I stopped commenting. Why? Because my current karma level
is 1337, and I have nothing that I can think to write would be worth changing
that. I've started something of a crusade against pedantry, something I have
entirely  failed to do, almost certainly because I feel so very inclined to
behave in a pedantic manner. I've questioned my belief in the lack of a god
only to  re-assert that by attending an atheist gathering only to feel
concerned again only to end up with no idea. I've discovered much without
learning quite  nearly enough.

I've started collecting information about my life, not any more than I have
already, but I've started writing longer pieces of less valuable content. And
I've done this, the most useless thing that a human can waste his efforts in
attempting. Something as the work of an inventor, worth more disassembled for
its pieces than for how it comes together. For all the effort put in to make
this thing from a clump of gears, boxes, metal and wood -- words, into some
cohesive thing, a living thing. Worth nothing. So devoid of value that the
seams attaching the parts are not worth breaking, for that entails the
exertion of effort which is futile for such a lost cause. This is a lost
cause. This and everything else. I'm so close to the end. The end of this
worthless cause so that I might, some time from now, try something with
purpose.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.11 (GNU/Linux)

iEYEARECAAYFAk/aW5EACgkQmS6tOiuzipsmFACg7iU2GcyPo2eLaphEF89BuvQD
Mt8AoLqEeT+Zsfvr3XpX/pjPkyaLOJQk
=KFY1
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
